In comparison to the introspection class and intuition class, These techniques of this class (like the research class) are  more similar to existing Actual concepts used in academics such as heuristics for problem solving or mathematical modeling in Sciences. This is because they deal less with psychology and morality and more on quantitative aspects. However in the context of a story there are still certain parts which take liberties in exaggerating or misusing the concepts for entertainment purposes. So this book should not be used to learn these techniques much like you can't use Star Wars to learn how to build a spaceship.

<<<
Understanding New perspectives is important for solving problems. Correctly judge something based on structural similarity in analogies and recognize superficial similarities; use the right models and don't confuse the map for the territory.

Structural similarity doesn't it's rights and superficial similarity doesn't mean it's wrong. Depends on how they're used in arguments. An obvious example when something doesn't hold as an argument is claiming that... 

Rather on focusing on structural and superficial similarity actually focus on: Does the model hold up? Model holds up if historically its predictions were proven to be correct. For instance if we find at someone's last name predicts their personality then that's a good model. But if it has never worked then we can say someone is bad just because your last name is monster. So using that model as an arguments won't hold because that model historically has never been shown to work most of the time. If it works 50/50 it might as well be random.

Confusing the map for the territory is a general term about misusing models; in the story models is interchangeable for memes though that doesn't hold for real life. The phrase confusing the map for the territory isn't used but something similar to it is. A model has limited application. It's only meant to abstract a certain pattern that both the model and the system it's modeling shares. So there's rules for using a model. If you don't follow these rules then the model is likely to tell you something about the system that's false, as opposed to the greater likelihood of statements deduced by following the model rules. So it's important to understand when a model can be used and to understand how to use his rules and why those rules exist. In other words understanding analogies is important for reasoning, which is important for problem solving.

It could be that structural and superficial similarity only makes sense in a context of a model. A model has rules and when you map a system to a model you are not mapping the entire system but just an analogous pattern of it. So if you bite off more than you can chew so to say that would be superficial similarity reasoning because it's asserting a statements that's not based on the mapping. For example if you say that someone is like genghis Khan because they are a great conquerer, you can't say that they are good with a bow because the mappings you're using only talk about mapping the aspect of a conqueror which doesn't have to do with the bow. Probabilistically speaking you can make a different argument if historically this mapping predicted that people who are Great conquerers are good with a bow, but this model doesn't have such historical precedence. 

To clarify there are two spaces and the model consist of the mappings between two spaces and the rules of how to interpret it. The model is not always one of those spaces. The model used in example above is not genghis Khan but the mapping to him.

Now this is a simple example that's quite obvious because no one would have really you said model to infer the statement that they are also good with the bow. But again this is a very general concepts that can be applied to any form of case-based reasoning where one is using examples from experience to infer a guess about something new. It's so General that All forms of thinking where we interpret something can be said to be done with modeling. And so modeling well is important for inference when reasoning for decision making and problem solving. 
