The first character in the story is a survivalist woman who lives on the outskirts of society. We see her talking to her guardian about these people she's observing and receive that she's largely apathetic and sarcastic towards these events. Because she doesn't have a job she's self-reliant and knows how to grow her own food and repair various technological devices to survive as a nomad. She spends a lot of her debating people in these areas where people go to vent out their frustrations towards belief they hates. 

During the story a couple of students from the intuition School stumble upon one of these debates and meets the survivalist. Informally they begin to see her often at the same debates and she finds that they are pretty good at navigating these debate using their intuition, which they learned from their school. She eventually becomes something like an informal mentor to them and received this from the point of view of one of the main characters who is a girl of a isolationist rebellious minority group which the survivalist is also part of. 

Near the end of the book the survivalists and this main character are the only ones to encounter the monarchists because while it was disproven that the murderers wer all done by one entity or planned out all by one organization and that they were not targeting the groups that were focused on, the Monica's were targeting people of this isolationist ethnic group because they were threats to the homogeneous memetic culture that everyone needed to follow in order to have a true monarchy. People did not expect this because no one really cares about this isolationist group they do pretty well for themselves because they've been mostly integrated into the middle class of society have left behind their older culture but in actuality there are many who have been forgotten by Society who still practice their culture which is not liked by anyone and contrast bohemian culture. 

The monarchists stop the Violence terrorist in their group by killing them and save the lives of the survivalists and her informal students. The survivalist realizes that they have been tracking them all along because they have been looking for candidates to adopt the olds mimetic lineage from a house that was overthrown by those who established a republic. They say that she is one of the candidates they're looking for to become Queen of the memes a title which the survivalist for marks has a nice ring to it. They say they're looking for individuals who have a lot of self-awareness and intelligence hired and average person in fact they're looking for probably the best leader and a smartest leader. Ultimately the two do not decide to go to the monarchist at the moments although the survivalist seems to be leaning towards them while her students is extremely opposed to anyone who would be against her ethnic groups culture. At the start of the story this character headed her culture just like the survivalist it at the survivalist wanted to integrate into society but they rejected her. But she learns to appreciate its even though her family is middle class and does not practice the exact culture that her group used to do they do share some aspects of its such as how in our world Christmas has been modernized and she appreciates those things she does not want to be part of the same mimetic culture.

The student remarks that they just need to let people know the markets were behind some of the murders but the survivalist says that people won't believe them because they don't have it. The student says we have to try but a survivalist says that she's naive. In fact in the past what happened was that the survivalist had tried to speak against what was happening with the governments and corporations but they declared that she was doing something illegal and so if they threatens to execute her. Eventually she was able to strike a deal with them where did would hold her prisoner for life. They would constantly monitor her by assigning a guardian to watch and record her every movement. And she would be outcasted forever. They spread a disinformation campaign to painter as someone as unreliable and so no one would believe her; she had to change her identity and hide her face using augmented reality. So this character is around like 40 or so. However none of this information is told in the first book because the survivalist is forbidden for speaking about this topic so she can't tell her students or else our Guardian will send into Force to either in prison or execute her. So all of it is only implied and a reader has to guess.

In the first chapter the survivalists locks eyes with the inventor and there's something between them. Not in a personal sense they don't even know each other but there's something in which they are at opposite sides in. Then thay never see each other again for the rest of the first book