The second character introduced in a story is an inventor who discovered how to make the Guardians extremely safe. Before him the gardens were still pretty safe but had some flaws and he vastly improved them so that all the Guardians nowadays use his Tech. This happens 10 years ago and he is currently 29. The third character introduced in a story is a researcher who is beloved by her community because she keeps on helping it. She and a group of college friends founded these nonprofits to help poor communities and others around them by listening to the people who have been torn between the help they get from the crime syndicates and from the rich companies that employ them. 

When the murders happen, these two characters set off to investigate on their own because if I find that the authorities are not doing a good job. The inventor lives a modest life and his goal in life is to use the Guardians to stop crime especially the crime syndicates and corporations that he believes are causing a lot of problems in these working-class communities. The researcher also has the same goal. She organizes for community and talk to them about their problems so that they can have a voice and be listened to by organizations she's fighting. 

The inventor has a lot of inner demons because he feels powerless to stop all the crime from happening in the world. He never met his father who comes from one of the majority groups accepted by the country and his mother is a minority who eventually got into a lot of mental breakdowns and just ended up becoming a leech. He claims that he doesn't care about his father who abandoned his family at Birth because he feels that he's different from others and can handle difficult situations better than they do. He's not obsessed with money he is the only founder and only person has complete control of what the Guardians do but he does not have the title of a CEO. A lot of the money that he gets he just donates or invest in poorer communities. He did not go to college.

The researcher is also not obsessed with money and lives a modest life where she spends much of her time Outdoors appreciating nature. When she was in college she met a group of friends who ended up helping her founds her nonprofit that helps her community with various money and mental issues. Her roommate ended up becoming one of her best friends and her roommates speaks up for her when she has trouble cuz she doesn't like to take shit from anyone. One of the people in her close group after they graduated ended up becoming a CEO of a technology company that is a rival company 2D inventors company. Though they never dated because they were dating other people at the time they do have a history where are they feel to have some connection with each other. 

The inventor and the researcher meet by chance and the researcher realizes that the inventors Tech is key to helping her community with the problems of the murders. So the end up secretly becoming vigilantes to discover what's happening with the murders. The researcher realizes that in order to catch the murderers she needs to start working well infiltrating this government organization. So the organization hires her afterlife solid recommendations and observations about her community and how she has helped it. The researcher has Bachelor degrees in biochem and memetics. Once in the government organization she has the power to enact policies due two scientists having a lot of decision-making control. Most of these scientists that have control are relatively Young what's the average age being 35 in with people retiring from his position to go into less demanding positions and less powerful positions around age of 50. They usually starts at age of 26. And this woman is 29. 

The researcher also meet up with her old College friends who is now a CEO. She is torn between liking the inventor and this CEO. The CEO ends up having a good side. However he is against the inventors company and discovers that he can sell a product to people 2 circumvents and hide from the Guardians even destroying them. In order to do this he has to promote a dangerous ideology that has been banned by the government for its history and potential dangerous. The researchers roommate is angry at this and directly tries to fight him even punching him. The CEO spreads ideologies that make the people turn on the researchers roommate's organization which the researcher had to leave in order to get into her new position. Her roommates ends up with a huge loss of self-esteem when many people attack her and falsely accuse her of trying to harm them. Her biggest Drive in life what's 2 help other people such as protecting those weaker than herself and now with no one to protect she has a loss of purpose. The researcher also works informally to continue to keep in touch with her community, and though all the people or most of them still like and respect her they are torn because they are brainwashed by the CEOs ideologies which contradicts what the researcher has been telling them. The researcher believes these ideologies are rooted in pseudoscience. However the communities will not listen to her cuz of how powerful the memes used in this information campaign have been. 

The researchers roommate ends of committing suicide and no one can find Direct proof that links the CEO to manslaughter because of how hidden his information spreading is. He told the researcher that he was the one who spread this information because he knew the researcher would never record evidence that he said this as while they were saying this the researchers thought the Guardians were recording him but in actuality he block them. 

To get back at the CEO, and to save for community in her personal belief the researcher uses her position to enact policies that increase the power of the Guardians even having them Reach into Uncharted areas that the crime syndicates operate in. She influences the others in her Department's to do this. 