If we have a model where we pay students and the money can come from people watching the students like athletes or just from taxes then this can cause several problems. First off schools may want to save money by not paying students. They can also find ways to cheats for students to do better just so they could have more money which is already an existing problem the schools with better grades get more money anyways. If students form a culture where students with more money are more respected, and this is unlikely if students think this system is to authoritarian, this can both motivates and discourage students though this isn't that difference from what the current system is with grades. Even if the money is like Chuck-E-Cheese tokens that can only be used in the school the prizes must still be paid for by something. The tokens cannot be traded, unlike money, As they will be digital and secure

We can allocate each student to have a maximum amount of money so that students aren't stealing from each other meaning one student can't take like 99% of the pile of money, and school's been want to save money by having students not too as well, because the money that isn't taken can be put somewhere else. But schools may have a counter incentive because students to do better May give the school a better reputation and better funding; which creates problems of the rich are getting richer. 

The pros of money is that students will have more motivation to get better grades. My grades it just means finding the right answer to problems where bias and bad reasoning could Cloud judgments. Students who is parents don't care about grades or they don't care about getting to college don't have motivation to learn the stuff. 

The main purpose of schools is to have students have a better moral system and to make decisions based on facts and acknowledging uncertainties. What could incentivize someone to do this? Often people don't want justice; they would twist facts to make something it suits them even if it's morally wrong. In the story if the right murderer not found that has dangerous consequences. 

