Questioning assumptions it's supposed to lead someone to figure out what moral axioms they want to prioritize. For instance, if you believe someone is a murderer that could have no consequence on you so you're free to accuse whatever without regarding the facts. Now the school can't make someone think a certain way but it can make them see things in a different way and at least this gives a student more options than just to be controlled by the memes. You can't change someone who inherently just wants to harm others without regards to fairness. But if someone doesn't want to harm others yet something inside it's against that then they'll be morally conflicted, and these people can benefit finding the facts because there is possibility that they will change. 

Teaching someone the tools of reasoning and identifying uncertainty is easier then getting an individual to be more aware of their own psychology. Trying to identify the causes of One's Own thoughts it's not easy and can lead to asserting the wrong causes both when someone does it to an individual and when the individual does it to them self. So forget about finding two causes and trying to cure two causes; all that matters it's trying to find the facts to stop the murders. It doesn't matter what others think all that matters is you personally getting the right facts; of course convincing someone is importance if they can do something to you which is negative. Else the focus is on actual consequences rather than things such as road rage. Prioritize even during anger; this is hard to teach and requires a lot of introspection and experience and years for some people because everyone is different. The least the school can do is give people tools and Hammer in messages into subconsciousness that can steer them in the right direction to deal with these things throughout their entire life not just during school.

There are no grades in certain cases; the consequence of what one does in assignment will be recorded and that will be one's grades that they can self-reflect on to get better throughout their entire life.

Let go of the why and move on. It's not about why you have to bias; just don't have the bias. Some think that you have to address the cause the cure it. But maybe a different model is needed as an analogy. Instead of thinking that the cause will always return maybe it was a one-time cause. You can't stop a car crash that already happened and so the goal is just to rehabilitate. Or maybe it's none of these models because psychologically it's much different than anything else. Maybe it's best to just ignore it. When angry about people who look down on you, does it help to believe that you are this way because of some childhood issues? It depends on the case probably. The goal right now is to focus on getting the facts not about getting back at others. Sometimes there's more than one right answer. So one answer may be to not care about the cause because maybe it really doesn't help plus you'll probably not find the right cause; it's just to say focus on the consequence and the mind will self-organize just like the immune system to find a new way of thinking.

It's hard to teach desires such as compassion for others but it may be possible for people who already have it to self-reflect and find it within themselves when they are conflicted with many complicated thoughts. The main goal is not to introduce fundamental emotions that may be built by experience schools cannot offer or our inherent to an individual, but to get people to organize their thoughts so they can realize things that part of them want but don't realize other parts of them are keeping away perhaps by trickery or ignorance.

Admit uncertainty and quantify it using intuition just like- for one container with a liter of water and another with a milliliter of water- you can quantify which container has more water in its just by looking at it without measuring it.

Understanding New perspectives is important for solving problems. Correctly judge something based on structural similarity in analogies and recognize superficial similarities; use the right models and don't confuse the map for the territory.

All of these have pros and cons the school may have a negative effect; the author merely records and the reader is the one who interprets and judges.

Facing Danger can make people be more cautious but it can also make them be more irrational under pressure. Each person deals with things differently for different situations with different factors, sometimes unpredictably. There is no one right answer. Each individual must find what works for them and allow change if it doesn't work anymore. The school cannot deal with each individual so all it can do is allow them to learn different tools so they can use them situationally. It is not preachy; it aims to Simply introduce New Perspectives that people may not encounter outside of a controlled learning environment due to the chaos of life. It makes students aware of dangers while being in a safe calm environment.

The school requires students to use proof and logic to justify statements. This means many statements will have different degrees of uncertainty and always at least some uncertainty. So students are tots to be comfortable under uncertainty. The intuition School criticizes this as it believes that belief is key to driving novelty and problem solving and that too much uncertainty even if it's Justified logically will hold back imagination. logic school thinks imagination still exists under uncertainty because people can think hypothetically and it can also Imagine fictional stories without believing in them. Another criticism of the logic School is that its methods of introspection erode individuality, and cause overthinking. They claim the school thinks there's only one way to think about things when in actuality the subconscious mind can pick up on things that reasoning cannot.
