The philosophy of the intuition school is that although the logic school it's able to discern facts using reasoning, it's method how to get to those facts is 2 restricted and so creative ways of thinking about the problem in a different way are not promoted. The intuition School believes that in order to get two different perspectives in the first place you need to be able to look at situation from different points of view using individual forms of observation and interpretation. Without these different perspectives, the logic school would have an narrow pool of candidates to listen to as a judge. 

The intuition School is against being too open; rather they tell you to find your intuition to enhance your connection to your own beliefs. It tells you to find your role in the collective neural network by connecting with the memes that your mind and soul are naturally a part of. This way you do not reshape facts but can interpret them using creative New Perspectives the others may not see. It tells you to stick strong to your beliefs instead of declaring uncertainty, which the logic school teaches. 

[note: The textbook of the intuition school would be harder to write]

Finding your role in the neural network sounds like it means you can't decide things, but it's actually another meaning. It means that each neuron have to decide the belief for them self, not let others decided for you. It doesn't mean that your life is out of your control; it means it is. And when it is, the neural network will self organize after the interaction of all these creative ideas, which can only be possible if one thinks hard on a belief. There's a difference between someone who thinks a belief may be true versus someone who actually believes it. 

Although "those who wish to reshape reality" share similar beliefs about sticking to your beliefs, the main difference is that the intuition school doesn't believe that reality isn't real, but that it can be interpreted in different ways. It still believes in facts and science, but it is less about being too open, which in its opinion would not achieve humanity's potential. The logic school believe that it is not neutral or Central (as it believes in false dichotomies and bad models), but it is sticking strong to the belief about what is certain and what is uncertain; being at a specified degree of uncertainty is a belief in itself, and those who try to sway you out of it are trying to control your mind and change your opinion forcibly in a way you don't agree with. It claims that if you don't know if ondcl means 'face' in some language and no one in the world understands anymore, and those who try to sway you to believe it definitely does or doesn't are taking your choice away from you. It says that the claim that it is wishy-washy is one made from superficial similarity due to a bad model. The time when it is a good model to use wishi-washi is for instance when you have to make a decision to support a hero or a villain, but you are too afraid to go into the conflict so you say you are above it so you don't have to get involved. But not every situation is like that. It is not the same situation when it comes to 'ondcl' because the reason you're not taking a side is because of uncertainty not because of fear or a sense of false superiority. It is the reason that is important. So applying the model from the first situation to the second is false and will only yield superficial similarity between the models instead of a structural one where the right conclusion can be drawn about why you choose the side of uncertainty. 

The intuition School understands this and claims that is not trying to apply superficial similarity outside of a joke context, but it is saying that even though logically it might seem correct to declare uncertainty, the living mind and his interaction with other minds may benefit more from not doing so; it claims that the act itself of declaring uncertainty hinders potential for using the memes for creation. It does not reject uncertainty but does not emphasize it as much as the logic school. The logic school does not misrepresents intuition schools position; its accusation of superficial similarity reasoning is applied to other critics not to the intuition School in most cases. But it fundamentally disagrees that's sticking to belief under uncertainty is the right way to go.

Neither school is said to be correct; the story is not written to reward either side with the so-called win like some sort of Aesop fable about a moral. However the characters do find many flaws with both schools and the Beats of the story make them sound very suspicious. The reader should keep in mind that the story is up to reader interpretation although the author may declare a position about their own interpretation and May not even realize that there is a position in the story it disagrees with their own interpretation. The author declares a position but it's open to the reader to declare any position.

"those who wish to reshape reality" Say that the world itself is so specific. Why did the world become so specific? It's very strange. 
