The memes in this story are a cross between memes in our Internet and drugs that change perception. Our Internet memes are a type of meme, which in the broader definition means a unit of information that can be transmitted and mutated. For example, an archetypal myth of a King whose greed destroyed his Kingdom is a meme that can be applied to different domains with a few changes. for instance, you can have the King be a principal whose greed for school funding destroyed his school. or you can have the King be a child who is greedy for candy and this causes him to become hyperactive. in all these cases, the meme is an abstract pattern that is realized in specific domains through analogies. Memes are symbolic representations of some sort of meaning which can be fluid and vague .

In this world, memes are not just text, images, concepts, videos and so forth. they are objects that you can touch, eat, smell, smell, sense, and more. For instance, when you hover your hand over a meme, you may have a vision, in which you become the King, and your Kingdom could be your work place. each meme is a representation of an abstract pattern. and each time that it is transmitted into a living being, it spreads and can mutate in various ways, such as being realized in a different domain , or by changing the structure of the pattern itSelf .they  can also appear in our dreams when we go to sleep

The reason memes are so sought after as a valuable resource is because they can have predictive power over phenomenon such as the stock market or weather or predicting how people in your life may react to something you do . these are not guaranteed prophecies , but are predictive models similar to the physics and statistical models used in our world .

Memes in this story are seen as augmented reality objects . centuries ago , it was discovered that there is a layer of the world that contains the ideas of living beings realised in different forms analogous to the idea . There were many layers of this dimension and each layer could be accessed by changing one's perception just like changing the channels to tune into different frequencies on the radio . People invented food you could eat to access different layers . if there were no layers , you would have trillions of memes cluttered in your perception because there's so many living beings in the world. In modern times, each person is given an injection upon birth that allows them to tune to different layers  as easy aS switching to a different channel using your mind . the government forbids certain channels , and since there are guardians everywhere to monitor legal channels , this can be enforced. By default , everyone is usually tuned into the base layer , the name given to perception without memes .

Just like Pokémon go, people are obsessed with collecting memes because the memes make them feel emotions and perceptions they can't get anywhere else. Memes reveal something about your subconscious though your interpretation about what they reveal is not always correct. 

Memes feed off emotions. For meme to survive, its host has to constantly keep it within its attention. A host has a limited amount of attention and emotions to experience, so means competes for hosts. A meme can be both internal and external. An external meme can be found on the side of the road for for instance, and Wen someone is infected bite it, a child me meme is created. each generation obtains energy in which part is sent back to its parents, and even less sent back to his grandparents, and so forth. however a child is only created if the replication has a mutation so an exact copy would be a clone in which the same amount of energy is shared between clones, allowing certain memes to survive for centuries.

One of the greatest strengths of memes is that there just units of information that can be combined with other units of information just like lego pieces. So when you absorb a meme, that meme can automatically create an experience by interacting with other meetings. For example if you had a meme that represented self hatred such as an unhappy unicorn, when you absorbed a meme about the greedy king, you could finds a vision or a holographic projection that's similar to a video and our worlds where did unicorn character is the king, and you could interpret what happens in the vision as what happens when someone who hates themselves is greedy about their self hatred, or you can interpret it in another way; it's possible only one interpretation is correct. This interaction of memes produces more novel memes and allows all of them to spread at once.

Memes can be misused by scientists like ML models or stats models; “the models predict” makes ppl think memes are absolute, and anything contrary to that is scientists being paid to lie or with bad credentials

because the means in the story cause such strong emotional reactions by changing perceptions and allowing for vague interpretations which do things like reinforce confirmation bias and group beliefs, one can say the memes  brain wash people or mind control them. however they have been so normalized in society for centuries that no one thinks this is the case. ever since it was discovered that is thoughts of living beings shape the worlds, humans have gotten arrogant where they think they have the answers to everything. they believe no longer that Gods created humans, but that schumans created gods. They do not think of the memes as living creatures and so no one thinks amene can control them; rather they think they can create memes.

the ecosystem of memes is called a noosphere, which has many layers, including layers of various animal and plant memes. Certain memes are dangerous to be absorbed. For instance humans who absorb bear  memes lose your mind and think  they are  bears. Psychedelics are strictly forbidden because they cause a chaotic perception that cannot be predicted to open up, and they make people see things they don't want to see. Usually people seek after memes that makes him feel good so they ignore memes that challenge their beliefs; challenging a belief doesn't mean the belief is always wrong for instance if you say grass is green and someone challenges it to say grass is blue it doesn't mean the challenger is right. but disallows people to be brainwashed into a limited perception. the governments forbids psychedelics because they think society will be thrown into chaos if people are not controlled.
