[working title] MEME: Book I- The Academies of Memetic Warfare
OR, mem[e-acute] -- to distinguish from [meem] pronounce. meh-may. Only reasons is because it sounds and looks interesting like something from a magic book, And strange how Pokemon uses it 

The background  of the story is that there have been many murders going around and people don't know what's happening. In order to stop the murders, people have been turning to the scientist they trust from their group their belief group and using what they say to try to find out who the murderer's are, in which they justifications are done using scientific models many of which which are the memes. Because memes are up to each person's interpretation people don't always interpret memes to find the correct pattern that I'm sure what's actually going on behind the murder, so the memes make the people susceptible to being controlled by other people who who want to collect the strongest means to control other peoples minds.

The setting of the story is an alternative history where homo sapiens already existed but evolved differently and didn't evolve into any of the communities and cultures that we had in our history or have today, so not a single one resembles a single culture does existed in our knowledge of human history. The country is set in the Sahara at the time where the Sahara is a rainforest.

The story follows several characters from different points of view including a survivalist, an inventor, a group of students, and a group of teachers.

The story structure is as follows in which the beginning is pretty long and describes a one sided perspective to the reader despite following multiple characters from different points of view that serves as an introduction to this alternative world. The second part of the story is where the 2 academies discuss how to resist control from the memes although they don't say this directly they just say how to train students to make better decisions because many believe they don't know and are ill equipped to deal with many issues such as the murders and conflicts in disputes of daily life. The third parts is where the  students begin to rebel against academies and's the story beats and narratives become confusing it with you don't know what is rights because there's all this information that's contradicting each other and 1 or few consistent narratives emerge you can't tell if there right just by how they feel because content wise there's many factors determine whether they are based on correct information and even if consistent morality. Although the schools themselves don't appear until the informal Act 2, the tools that they teach are used throughout arguments and debates during the First Act.

While there are statements in this book that are based on reality, such as the research classes and problem-solving class being based on real techniques, many statements in this book are based on Fiction and should not be applied to real life. For instance, the introspection techniques used to deal with memes are based on fictional psychological and physics principles that these written characters interact with and cannot be applied to real life. Since they deal with memetic objects that are fictional, they are as real as spells in a fantasy novel. In the book a character using a technique they change their way of thinking, but that occurs because the character is written to be that way. A person in real life doing the same thing would not experience the same effect.

The story is a murder mystery where these objects called memes, which induce prophecies and Visions in people and can spread and mutates, are used to help uncover the Mysteries. 

<<<
Combining memes have many functional purposes, and people can customize how to combine their memes to construct meme constructions or to create a temporary products like a spell or consumable. There are certain builds that are better than others in terms of functionality. Memes are used as a navigational tool so they can be used to understand someone's psychology, the past, future, one's own mind, and many more. They are never said to mind control people because that would be way too dangerous and no one would want memes if that was the case. However just like how you can influence people using gifts or movies, memes do the same to influence. Some claim certain memes are so influential that they are brainwashing people; but they only claim this happens to people not on their ideology, and do not self-reflect. 

One consequence of low cost high speed travel is that people from very different places in the world often visit. When they visit they're unable to establish their own culture they're often but they share in cultures of those facilities. For example on the internet you can have people from many different continents on Twitter. But the culture there often isn't a specific culture from a region but a shared culture such as an art culture about a fandom. By being able to converse with people from all over the place, you could obtain information that isnt localized to a specific region. This allows information to travel wide and fast. Although the internet still exists, it's more partitioned and regulated than ours. The reason people don't spend as much time on internet, even though it serves the purpose of fast communication and archiving, is because people spend a lot of time in real life looking for memes just like in Pokemon go. You can't send these the memetic objects virtually. So messaging is still prevalent and so are threads, but social media and forums aren't. What this means is that people don't have a online personality on the internet; they don't have avatars or profiles which house has their reputation or how famous they are. Additionally internet addiction is not common unlike in our world. When people would spend vast amounts of time scrolling through feeds or watching videos or playing games, they don't do that because there's better Alternatives in the real world. This means the variable about people being addicted to a world that is not real is effectively nullified, but many of the problems of society still remain, since they're not tied to the internet, though the internet can make them worse.

The regions that are Uncharted often resemble liminal spaces, as these are abandoned human constructs that's seemingly look like there are prototype in a video game. The World Is Not futuristic but rather overly abundantly human constructed with layers upon layers of liminal spaces. in the Uncharted territories, there Are Places which are reached through an unknown path, so you don't know where you are. There's no map of the place

<<<
The non visual story leaves out information, which is one of its advantages at conveying information through imagination. Visual stories can do this too but in different ways. When a character describes a situation or scenery, they are using patterns they are familiar with. They can describe something using a pattern they know before. This does not mean using a metaphor or simile, but a style. For example, if a character is in a situation that reminds them of a Murder, they might describe something which has many stripes and makes them happy, and at the next moment, kills them. So when a character encounter something which has many stripes and makes them happy, the reader is left out a lot of information about what this is. Additionally, characters May describe something in a similar way. Is this thing the same thing that difference character encountered? The patterns they use may be similar because they are patterns that passed to different people as memes. When a story is describe through these patterns, it becomes a puzzle. No longer are words just used to describe something, but they are Clues as to how the characters think. These motifs are used throughout storytelling; for instance, a Horror Story can conclude with a phrase used throughout the story that's ironic because it could be that this phrase was used and positivity before but now it's using negativity, and this conveys an emotion to the reader and a story Beat.

