Ever since religion was overthrown in the last centuries, the people have trusted science to provide them with technologies that help them I can see outside threat and other issues. The worlds of the Sahara and country is pretty connected and most of its residents want to get along. However, there have been many disagreements among scientists over the right way to interpret theories answer manage the country. This has caused varying groups dis idref different groups of scientists, who are the most trusted authorities in the country. Each partitions network controls a different set of communication channels and meme  trading channelsthat people listen to casually no they don't need to swear allegiance to because society is mostly peaceful due to the lack of violence with the guardians supervising the public in with the culture encouraging people too not engage inter warfare but not discouraging verbal violence.

Politics does not play of major role in the story but is in the background and indirectly influences peoples ways of perceiving themselves and others. although  religionis not practiced by 99% of people, there are many splintered belief groups based on the scientific fiore    they choose  Ah scribe  to. Among these many groups there are 6 that play prominent roles in society. 

<<<
protectionists vs the anti-segregationists (these are just placeholder names)

The 2 main political parties are D protectionists ANS the anti  segregationists. The protection is believe that the natural world should be preserved and we should use technology to serve in this protection rather than 2 create new parts of nature. Did anti segregation is believe that deprotection is are part of an out dated oppression system that served 2 trick communities into staying where they belong so to speak well those who have power sailfin from them.

There are many issues and among them include these four. One of them is a huge amount of people in the working class. The protectionist party believes that the working class should not be tricks bye the industrialist technocratic culture of the anti-segregation party. They believe that the homogeneous culture that the anti-segregation aR producing is 1 of materialistic greed and that the working class should focus on resisting and overthrowing this harmful ideology. They seek to Foster a culture where the working class comes to you to be against the Elites in society. They believe that focusing on things such as raising minimum wage is only going to create a competitive Cut Throat culture where those within the same class will be pitted against one another the wages are increased in this story Society it will be less jobs due to businesses not being able to hire more people.

The anti-segregation party believe that the protection is party is mislead the working class and trying to keep them down. They say that the working-class should have all the freedoms to join this new Advanced Society encourages A diversity a people to succeed. It believes that in the past deletes were the one trying to keep down to working class by preventing them from Gaining wealth and power in society which is required to make decisions. They don't agree that modern Society should be something to be ashamed about. Thus they believe in raising the minimum wage for instance.

Another issue that these two parties face is dealing with environments. Both parties believe in the law of natural selection that it's not a law to be questions but how nature is supposed to work, and that to go against the scientific law is to be unscientific. They differ and how it interprets this proposed law. The anti-segregation believe that in the past natural selection was prevented from occurring because the oppressive power structures a society try to separate people and trick them into thinking that they had to preserve their original culture when in actuality all this did what's prevent them from realizing that there's a modern ization of their culture. They believe that all people deserve to live in a society that is pro science and I barriers from keeping cultures from naturally modernizing is a form of hierarchical oppression. They believe that the environment and animals within its are only temporary and that all of the environment must be changed to form a United harmonious society. Therefore any attempts to try to preserve the environments are unnatural and will only serve to prevent all of nature from joining in a scientifically Advanced Society. They do not seek to save environments or its species that currently exist but two figure out how to integrate it's into society by doing things such as changing carnivores into herbivores to reduce death.

T protectionists believe that nature must be preserved because by the law of natural selection and contact division of labor each segment of society must help each other with its own unique advantages and a natural Co-op to protect and Preserve is what nature wants. They believe that if everything is integrated into technocratic culture then living beings will suffer because this culture is harmful and only serves as a necessary means just like how Executioner's and vultures serving necessary but ugly role in nature. Thus they believed that technology exists to serve nature which might be different from what it was a million years ago but it is our nature and so we must protect our nature then see it fail like it did a million years ago. They don't believe the change was a success they believe that it was a failure. It failed because it did not have the system of cooperation.

The next issue about these groups is that there is a minority group and as Society which came from a culture that did not believe in hierarchical structures and in money. This culture originating on islands close to the main country contains a community of people who lived in small commute and had a more youthful appearance then other communities. They were focused on fostering curiosity and inventiveness and Imagination but they hated and did not trust any scientific work from an industry or higher authority. This peaceful Society when integrated into the main modern societies suffered from distrust and a culture Clash. Many people did not believe that these diaspora could adapt to a culture of money and Industrial science and technological advancements, believing that they were into a collective mind sets a smaller communes in which everyone can trust each other. This prevented the main communities from integrating these minorities and us and therefore these minorities faced ridicule and a lack of opportunity. Additionally, their distrust of all authority that did not have a face made them skeptical Of Inventions should such as vaccines and cures for diseases. So when a huge pandemic threatened the worlds and everyone is vaccinated this minority group suffered greatly as they rejected the vaccinations.

The anti segregationists believe that unfair stereotype of this Bohemian minority group cause people to keep them down. They cite that ever since the Bohemian group migrated into modern-day they quickly modernized and a modernization that was a mix of their communal culture with an industrial technocratic culture was ready to allow the group to share in the power and wealth of society. However, the existing communities did not allow them in due to wrong perceptions and hatred and fear. Therefore to help this minority group laws must be implemented that encourage them to integrate; if these laws did not exist then people would befree to spread false information that they cannot integrate.

The protectionist believe that the Bohemian group culture is one of the most beautiful on Earth and must be preserved. A claim that the anti-segregation are trying to destroy this culture by discouraging bohemian groups 2 preserve their way of life. They mention evidence that shows the modernization of Bohemian culture destroys the peaceful and hierarchy void society and encourages a destructive lifestyle at the technocratic culture. They wants to implement laws that show just how destructive technocratic culture is.

In addition to their beliefs about the law of natural selection, the two groups have roped in another conflicts which is largely unrelated to the other issues but which by the power of confusing the map for the territory and bad associations, they have led people to believe are extremely related. This conflicts is the Divide or the artificial dichotomy between experimental and a theorists. After much conflicts within the scientific communities, now that the scientist games a lot of power over Society due to their large influence as people turn to them for answers and Leadership, divide in science began to occur 4 people settle personal disputes rather than to actually find what works and doesn't work. Among the many groups two main groups emerged in which the experimental it's believe that they can only rely on data generalize from experiments and a theorists believe they can can only rely on series strongly proven from mimetic modeling. The experimentalists claim that they are rooted in reality and US nature wild theorists are no better than people who believe in religion. The theorists believe that they are the ones who can build a future that improves upon the mistakes of nature and the experimentalists will not be able to come up with Solutions that plan for a revolutionary improved Society which is what is needed. The protectionist have trick people into you falsely associating experimentalists with their other causes and anti-segregation have done the same for the theorists. This creates a duopoly a people's beliefs.

This country has no major ongoing Wars or interference military wise with other countries. However loans outs many loans to countries that have a high-risk of not paying them back and it claims it's doing this for charitable reasons because these countries are in need of developments. In actuality the government has a hidden agenda for doing this that people ignore. While there are no Wars, the government's is heavily influenced by certain systems an oligarchy that wishes to pit them against other countries. And though there is no required military training, each citizen is usually trains for self-defense. Now a days this is not through gun use but through how can I program my guardian to protect me. For instance you don't want the guardian to overreact over a joke you make. It's a running gag sometimes that the Guardians will pull out tasers or guns on something innocuous.

Because historically speaking these societies did not face the same group issues that we have, for instance the most powerful societies have been matriarchal, the gender and sexuality issues are not presents in this world to the same extent that they are in ours. Skin color is also not what divides communities. There are many ethnic groups that are separated based on body and facial features and also hair color but within each ethnic group there is usually a diversity and skin color that comes in different shades. In general skin color ranges from a dark tan to very black with varying shades of reddish and teal and also with people with different markings and highlights on their biological body.

<<<
Other orgs

AI it's not a term that is used in the story rather all AI it's called Guardians which are very sophisticated technologies that can correctly assess dangers and help people with almost 100% safety. Decades ago they were unsafe but a new inventor monopolized the control over the Guardians because he created guardians that were much safer and much more trustworthy than before. Each person has their own personal Guardian which they to talk to when they are down. These Guardians also allow people to travel freely on the protected lands and rarely Venture into Uncharted Territory. They Foster a culture in which strangers talk to each other and have no fear although people usually don't talk to people kunde disagree with often

Due to the high in equality in this Society people often discuss Practices that businesses have put forth. Both parties attempt to stop the corporations from misusing their power and to re-direct their science and Industries to benefit society. What is not discussed by people is the influence that Science and Technology run by powerful systems and Guardians have over regular life as it's become so normalized. Many of these powerful systems are not regulated and the people have no control over them so they are free to enact laws that people do not understand but which states think are beneficial in their own personal ideology. These powerful systems believe in Collective good and both parties trust them because they create technology that benefits their needs.They believe that each person contributes to the collective efforts that they lead to improve Society.

On the other hand there are many criminal syndicates in the Uncharted territories which perform illegal operations that endanger people and also spread pseudoscience and dangerous ideologies. These syndicates promotes the belief that's they should be unregulated because people should be free to do whatever he want; that is a law of natural selection. 

Another group that has considerable influential power are the Groups that focus on changing reality. This is not an Authority but rather and ideology that is Loosely connected with each other. Recently there have been memes spreading their positive messages that's tells people they have the power to change the laws of physics by their own thoughts and the evidence is given by how memes are created. This Underground loose collection of ideologies all share in common that you don't have to obey does Authority which has done nothing button keep Society in trouble.

Recently the youth has and fed up with how the authorities have run Society and so this loose collection of ideologies which can be called the individualists have secretly become popular. A branch of the government the overseas a loosely disconnected or set of organizations fosters the individuals. Because it is relationally so far away from the central government's these organizations which have names such as the centers for the Youth excellence have activities that people don't really keep track of because they don't think they're important and don't change. Parents have a lot of faith in these organizations so whenever a group is certified by them they trust them completely. What they don't know is that dissenters either directly or indirectly promotes these hidden ideologies. Each ideology believes in its own way to reshape reality so they can completely contradict and not get along with another ideology there's also an individualist.

A hidden terrorist organization that reveals itself at the end of the first book is the monarchists. The monarchists are splits into those who believe in using violent means and those who believed in using nonviolence Persuasion. The monarchists do not seek to revert Society back into a lineage of rulers determined by genetic lineage but believe and progressing Society into a lineage determines by memetic lineage the pass is on from teacher to Apprentice. They believe that's the Monarch is merely a host or a representative of the emperor meme and that the memes are higher intelligence that should rule over the people who don't know what you're doing and make bad decisions. These memes need hosts who can think over there only thought processes so as to not be emotionally manipulated and who can make the right decisions protects the world. The monarchists want to abolish democracy. They believe that the memes are in emergence intelligence just like how we are emergence from our cells though in a different matter so that's where the analogy ends. The monarchs have obtain memes they have kept them one step over many others but with not an impotence as they cannot control every event that plays outs I think they can. They are very good at meme interpretation.


<<<
COMMUNITIES












