The country has a low cost high speed transportation system called ley lines which allows people to travel to almost anywhere and get back home for dinner. while a less globalised and more partitions version of and network communication system exists, social media does not exist and people spends most of their time exploring the physical worlds and augmented reality worlds rather than the virtual world. Despite the lack of social media and other analogs, people are just as susceptible to creating their own realities which contradicts the real world. It's not augmented reality that confuses people because everyone can clearly tell what's augmented and what's not such as augmented objects have a different sense and feel and look to them, but is the facts that people don't want to believe facts which make them uncomfortable along with a myriad of other forms of thinking that are detrimental to solving problems that benefit everyone.

It's forbidden to use augmented reality recklessly. while using the noosphere to look at memes is not forbidden, fake  advantage of realityis heavily forbidden ands you can't access it anyways because the guardians block  their frequencies  and only allow people to host frequencies of fake augmented reality layers within private establishment that make it clear that they only allow you to be in this layer Wen in disestablishment. so you can't just make yourself look like I Pirates using augmented reality and you can't have everyone else look like Pirates to yourself because the guardians block this from happening. however if there is a 2 way consensus in which both parties agree to be in the same layer then they can be because this is considered a miniature private arena. now within privas tablissements you can have everyone look like they have no face for instance if your layer is programs such that anyone tuned inside at layer will see this. establishments reinforce everyone being on the same layer day dictates because there is a forcefields that is clearly seen in most cases legally that says you must tune into this channel and there's a gentle warning that's you will defaults be tuned into this channel and if you try to tune out guardians will give you a threat and if you do not obey in 3 strikes or do anything threatening then the guardians have the right to detain you using Nets and tazers.

One of the reasons that there's a culture where people talk to each other in public even strangers is because guardians monitor everything and so people are deterred from committing crimes. The reason such a monitoring system existed is because not too long ago there were a lot of crimes involving kids being attacked in public and because the high speed low cost transportation cannot with just 2 importance to be dismantled and people couldn't control their kids people preferred protection with the guardians.

In addition to everyone having an own personal Guardian each person is encouraged to carry a weapon on them that they have been trained to use because the culture of the country is very and historically steps into personal ownership and self-defense. However because Guardians can take care of almost everything and Guardians prevent escalation weapons are almost never used. Memes can be used to alter perception of yourself so you have an advantage when it comes to fighting because you see things in a different way. They can also be used to alter the perception of others to trap them in an illusion. Memes are very versatile so they're not limited to these forms of combat. So this is a thriller adventure Mysteries story it is not an action story so this combat system is not dealt into in detail.

Personal rights and personal property aR heavily cherished pie Society and so they're big talking points for organizations to use to gain the favor of people. People are obsessed over their personal ownership of a guardian which is a device that speaks to other Guardians. Self-sufficiency and Freedom a personal opinion are also heavily cherished which makes people think they can create their own reality and not get along with others, and the contradition that certain ideologies are banned is excused although for some of them there is a good reason why they are banned.

Guardians cannot speak and the reason for that is because people find it not natural. Rather to communicate like artoo-detoo. They like to interprets the Guardians beeps and boops and their own way and would rather not have something that explicitly says something. Guardians are programs to sad noises when they're destroyed so if people feel sympathetic for them but they are not true artificial intelligence they have no soul unlike the other living beings including plants and animals and they're just a mimic like a Furby.

